New Serverless Pattern - Apigw-Lambda-Rekognition (#2348)
aws-samples/serverless-patterns: apigw-lambda-rekognition/README.md

    https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/dg/sns-create-subscribe-endpoint-to-topic.html

1. Make a POST request to the API using the following cURL command:

    curl --location 'https://<api-id>.execute-api.<region>.amazonaws.com/dev/generate-presigned-url' --header 'Content-Type: text/plain' --data '{"object_name": "image.png", "content_type": "image/png"}'

    Note: Replace 'api-id' with the generated API ID from Terraform, 'region' with the region where the API is deployed, 'object_name' with your desired name for the S3 object and 'content_type' with the content type of the image, for ex, png or jpeg

1. Get the pre-signed URL from the previous step and use the following cURL command to upload the object in S3:

    curl --location --request PUT '<presigned-url>' --header 'Content-Type: image/png' --data '<path-of-the-object>.png'

    Note: Replace 'presigned-url' with pre-signed URL generated in the previous step. 'Content-Type' should match the content type used to generate the pre-signed URL in the previous step. Make sure you are passing the correct path of the object in the --data parameter.

> 1. Once the object is uploaded successfully, the Lambda function will be invoked and if the image is inappropirate, a message is sent to the SNS Topic, which is then received by the subscriber.

Reviewer: Include a step to verify everything worked properly for an appropriate image, since no message is generated.

> 1. Once the object is uploaded successfully, the Lambda function will be invoked and if the image is inappropirate, a message is sent to the SNS Topic, which is then received by the subscriber.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Once the object is uploaded successfully, the Lambda function is invoked and if the image is inappropriate, a message is sent to the SNS topic, which is then received by the subscriber.
```

## Cleanup
 
1. Delete the SNS Subscription:

>     Go to SNS > Subsciptions > Select your Subscription and click on Delete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Go to SNS > Subsciptions > Select your Subscription and choose Delete
```

    https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/dg/sns-delete-subscription-topic.html

1. Delete all the objects from S3:

>     Go to S3 > Select all the objects > Click on Delete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Go to S3 > Select all objects > choose Delete
```

    https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/delete-objects.html
    https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/delete-multiple-objects.html

1. Change directory to the pattern directory:
    ```
    cd serverless-patterns/apigw-lambda-rekognition
    ```

1. Delete all created resources
    ```
    terraform destroy
    ```
    
1. During the prompts:
    ```
    Enter all details as entered during creation.
    ```

1. Confirm all created resources has been deleted
    ```
    terraform show
    ```
----

> Copyright 2023 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copyright 2024 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
```
